##!source.syntax=xwiki/2.1
{{velocity output="false"}}
#macro (blocknote $parameters)
  ## Load the CSS needed by the Image and Macro Wizards.
  #set ($discard = $xwiki.linkx.use(
    $services.webjars.url(
      'org.xwiki.platform:xwiki-platform-wysiwyg-webjar',
      'webjar.bundle.min.css'
    ), {
      'type': 'text/css',
      'rel': 'stylesheet'
    }
  ))
  #set ($discard = $xwiki.linkx.use(
    $services.webjars.url(
      'org.xwiki.platform:xwiki-platform-blocknote-webjar',
      'xwiki-platform-blocknote.css'
    ), {
      'type': 'text/css',
      'rel': 'stylesheet'
    }
  ))
  ## FIXME: Move this to the HTML head somehow.
  <script type="module" src="$escapetool.xml($services.webjars.url(
    'org.xwiki.platform:xwiki-platform-blocknote-webjar',
    "main.es.js"
  ))"></script>
  #set ($discard = $parameters.attributes.putAll({
    'class': "xwiki-blocknote-wrapper loading $!parameters.attributes.get('class')"
  }))
  ##
  #set ($sourceDocumentReference = $parameters.attributes.get('data-source-document-reference'))
  #if (!$sourceDocumentReference)
    #set ($sourceDocumentReference = $tdoc.documentReference)
  #end
  ## The source property reference is used server-side only to determine the author whose rights are used to render the
  ## content. We remove it from the attributes so that it's not output as an HTML attribute.
  #set ($sourcePropertyReference = $parameters.attributes.remove('data-source-property-reference'))
  #set ($parameters.attributes.data-output-syntax = $parameters.attributes.remove('data-syntax'))
  #set ($source = {
    'documentReference': $sourceDocumentReference,
    'sourcePropertyReference': $sourcePropertyReference,
    'syntax': $parameters.attributes.get('data-output-syntax'),
    'content': $parameters.content,
    'restricted': $parameters.attributes.data-restricted
  })
  ##
  ## Disable the file upload and drag & drop when the current user doesn't have edit right on the source document, if
  ## the source is restricted. This is the case for instance when an user with comment right adds a comment to a page
  ## they don't have edit right on. They are allowed to add the comment but they can't upload files because that
  ## requires edit right. We check if the source is in restricted mode because in some cases (such as for Change Request
  ## Application) we want to allow file upload even if the current user doesn't have edit right on the source document.
  #if ($source.restricted == 'true' && !$services.security.authorization.hasAccess('edit', $source.documentReference))
    #set ($parameters.attributes.data-upload-disabled = 'true')
  #end
  ## We use the velocity template context to convey the startupFocus parameter to BlockNote.
  #if ($wysiwygEditorConfig.startupFocus)
    #set ($parameters.attributes.data-startup-focus = 'true')
    ## We make sure to clear this context so that it doesn't interfere with other BlockNote instances.
    #set ($wysiwygEditorConfig.startupFocus = false)
  #end
  ##
  #set ($parameters.attributes.data-value = "#blocknote_render($source)")
  <div
    #set ($nonDataAttributes = ['id', 'class'])
    #foreach ($entry in $parameters.attributes.entrySet())
      #set ($attributeName = $entry.key)
      #if (!$attributeName.startsWith('data-') && !$nonDataAttributes.contains($attributeName))
        #set ($attributeName = "data-$attributeName")
      #end
      $attributeName="$!escapetool.xml($entry.value)"
    #end
  ></div>
#end

#macro (blocknote_render $source)
  ## Make sure the edited content is rendered for view because this is a WYSIWYG editor.
  #set ($macro.previousDisplayMode = $xcontext.displayMode)
  #set ($discard = $xcontext.setDisplayMode('view'))
  #set ($targetSyntax = 'blocknote/1.0')
  #set ($restricted = "$!source.restricted" == 'true')
  ## The source reference is used to determine the author whose rights are used to render the content, using the
  ## document author when the content is unmodified and the current user, otherwise. It's the object property reference
  ## when editing an object property and the document reference otherwise.
  #set ($sourceReference = $source.sourcePropertyReference)
  #if (!$sourceReference)
    #set ($sourceReference = $source.documentReference)
  #end
  #set ($transformationContext = $services.rendering.createTransformationContext())
  #set ($discard = $transformationContext.setId("BlockNote:${source.documentReference}"))
  #set ($discard = $transformationContext.setSyntax($source.syntax))
  #set ($discard = $transformationContext.setTargetSyntax($targetSyntax))
  #set ($discard = $transformationContext.setRestricted($restricted))
  #set ($discard = $transformationContext.setTransformationNames(['macro']))
  #set ($discard = $transformationContext.setContentEntityReference($sourceReference))
  #set ($renderedContent = $services.rendering.convert($source.content, $transformationContext))
  ## Restore the previous display mode.
  #set ($discard = $xcontext.setDisplayMode($macro.previousDisplayMode))
  $!renderedContent##
#end
{{/velocity}}